At the end of the day, the strategy
behind this idea is okay, if there's an
hour bar like let's say this is trending
on the hourly upward or downwards. So
let's say it's going upwards for now.
Well, then it's going to look to see how
many shorts are about to get liquidated.
So you could see like pretend there's a
short there, there's a short above it.
It's like okay, there's enough shorts.
Let's pretend there's going to be
momentum to liquidate those shorts. Now,
is that the right way? Not necessarily.
I trade liquidations both ways. Meaning,
if there's a humongous liquidation, it
might be a pivot point, but in this
case, I'm building a momentum strategy
because I think this is the cleanest way
to check momentum. Obviously, there's
other things like breakouts and trending
we can look into later. I just wanted to
get this up and live and explain the
idea because I think you can take this
idea to somewhere I can't. That's why
I'm so open with this is because at the
end of the day, we don't have the same
experiences.
We don't have the same ideas,
but if I can do the hard work and build
the plumbing out and then just put it on
a website like this,
then boom.
comment.